RSA Encryption/Decryption Program
Author :- Harsh Wadhawe
S.Y. DSA project 

  Create encryption & decryption keys:

    1. Enter two distinctive (greater than 10) primes p and q
    2. Enter an integer e so that gcd(e,phi(n)) = 1
    3. Use the Public encryption key to encrypt messages.
    4. Use the Private decryption key to decrypt messages.

  RSA Encryption:
	./en (name of input file to be encrypted) (name of new file where encrypted text should be stored)  
    1. Enter e and n values in the Public encryption key
    2. Enter message to be encrypted (< 1000000 chars)
    3. Record the ciphered text info
    4. Record the number of characters in the text

  RSA Decryption:
	./de (name of encrypted file) (name of file where decrypted text should be stored)  
    1. Enter d and n values in the Private decryption key
    2. Enter the number of chars in the encrypted text
    3. Enter the each chars in the encrypted text

Theory/Working :
RSA is an example of a public-key Cryptography. In RSA, the public key is
generated by multiplying two large prime numbers p and q together, and the private key
is generated through a different process involving p and q.
The implementation of RSA makes heavy use of modular arithmetic, Euler's
theorem, and Euler's totient function. Notice that each step of the algorithm only
involves multiplication, so it is easy for a computer to perform:
1. First, the receiver chooses two large prime numbers p and q. Their product, n=pq,
	will be half of the public key.
2. The receiver calculates φ(pq)=(p−1)(q−1) and chooses a number e relatively
	prime to φ(pq). In practice, e is often chosen to be 216+1=65537, though it can be
	as small as 3 in some cases. e will be the other half of the public key.
3. The receiver calculates the modular inverse d of e modulo φ(n). In other words,
	de≡1(modφ(n)). d is the private key.
4. The receiver distributes both parts of the public key: n and e. d is kept secret.
	Now that the public and private keys have been generated, they can be reused as
	often as wanted. To transmit a message, follow these steps:

1. First, the sender converts his message into a number m. One common conversion
	process uses the ASCII alphabet :
	A B C D E F G H I J K L M
	65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77
	N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
	78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90

2. For example, the message "HELLO" would be encoded as 7269767679. It is
	important that m<n, as otherwise the message will be lost when taken modulo n,
	so if n is smaller than the message, it will be sent in pieces.
3. The sender then calculates c≡me(modn). c is the ciphertext, or the encrypted
	message. Besides the public key, this is the only information an attacker will be
	able to steal.
4. The receiver computes cd≡m(modn), thus retrieving the original number m.

5. The receiver translates m back into letters, retrieving the original message.

For example, suppose the receiver selected the primes p=11 and q=17, along with e=3.

1. The receiver calculates n = pq = 11 17 = 187, which is half of the public key. ⋅
2. The receiver also calculates φ(n) = (p−1)(q−1) = 10 16 = 160. e = 3 was also ⋅
	chosen.
3. The receiver calculates d=107, since then de=321≡1(modφ(n)) (since φ(n)=160).
4. The receiver distributes his public key: n=187 and e=3.

Now suppose the sender wanted to send the message "HELLO". Since n is so
small, the sender will have to send his message character by character.

1. 'H' is 72 in ASCII, so the message text is m=72.
2. The sender calculates me=723≡183(mod187), making the ciphertext c=183.
	Again, this is the only information an attacker can get, since the attacker does not
	have the private key.
3. The receiver calculates cd=183107≡72(mod187), thus getting the message of
	m=72.
4. The receiver translates 72 into 'H'.
	The rest of the letters are sent in the same way.
